hey guys it's Saturday it's like 2:00
p.m. I have open apartment at very slow
morning you
slept a lot but there are so many things
to do today
this type of the Sun sets at like 4:30
is very exciting to me a lot of cool
things coming up go on go on places but
with that I have a lot of things to do
before I leave you but yeah I don't know
what it is about Saturdays and weekends
but I just I miss my family I go back to
Texas very soon I just I missed I missed
with ham I miss my family y'all know I'm
drinking ups best of New York and I
don't want to leave New York for a while
but the only thing that would make it
even better is if I had my family here
but lately I have a lot of great friends
that feel like family
oh my wait sweet green you guys have not
checked out bridgit mendler new EP
this fire so I need to get food I also
say my bike
I have left my bike for about four days
guys everything is starting to be
Christmassy
[Music]
I just saw in one piece
always insanely paranoia that my bike is
gonna get stolen
you still there after five days of being
off the random road off the magnet it is
now dark harder
I have sent off two of my ones is now to
my camera business oh I have two left I
finally found a coffee shop super hit
and happenin it's about 5:30 is this
hard to have coffee at 5:30 I don't know
but I need it I needed something to get
me going
I sent off French pop that letter I own
stamps I'm an adult now time to mellow
Freeport Vista board it is so just like
God but good news they can replace the
board it's not that expensive we're
gonna get this figured out I got
groceries look alright the most
important meal of the day
made dinner you follow me on Twitter you
know how much I hate absolutely hate
cooking
I got a black Freddy deal that I need to
show you so some traveling is coming up
and it's evolving the ocean and water
and I haven't updated my GoPro setup and
forever I've actually had one GoPro the
entire time that I've been doing this
video yesterday is my Friday and I got a
new GoPro the GoPro is actually insanely
special to me I haven't upgraded since
the three and the new one the GoPro Hero
5 you don't even need a extra casing for
it to be waterproof it just is
waterproof so it simplifies a lot of the
accessories it has a LCD screen on the
back so you can tell what you're
recording on the three you had to buy an
LCD to attach to the back of it so it
was like an extra thing that you had to
buy but the GoPro 3 was the camera that
really started it all in high school
when I was making videos I was using my
dad's Canon t3i it's like an old-school
Canon DSLR and I had no idea what I was
doing it was just on auto I pressed
record and I hoped for the best
my guys are in high school and I wanted
to pursue this video photo thing just
for fun I really didn't know the
intricacies of filming I didn't know
what f-stop or shutter speed or any of
that stuff was so buying a real life
camera kind of intimidated me entered
GoPro GoPro you press one button you
press the record and you point in it
record them something I've always been
great at is anything so I knew if I just
got an image that was seasoned I could
edit together some cool videos I also
fall in love with traveling so for about
six months to almost a year the GoPro
hero3 was my main shooter I went to
music festivals I went to Miami to
Greece the majority of the video that I
shot was with a GoPro it was just simple
what my favorite videos I've ever made
before it was my trip to Greece some of
it was shot on a Canon DSLR but a lot of
it was using my GoPro and that is
actually a video that I then used to
send to people to say hey look I can
actually make videos and I got jobs like
like wedding jobs and it helped me land
some of my first creative spaces TV
episodes Sarah what is the point where
is the point the point is if you want to
start something in life just start all
this crazy video stuff that I get the
opportunity to do now honestly started
just with this little action camera this
GoPro
this camera this girl right here crazy
if you wanna get good at something at
some point you have to stop watching
other people doing it that thing and you
have to go do it every next piece of art
you make with every next test you take
you are going to get better you're gonna
learn more things you're gonna fail
you're gonna succeed you're gonna have
to pivot along the way but hopefully at
some point you're gonna land on
something that you absolutely love to do
who know buying a new GoPro could get me
like so pumped up on life anyways so
this is future Sara talking about
something that I don't know if I've
created yet but I intend to post a bonus
video someday which is now yesterday I
hope you come to my channel for
entertainment and inspiration but also I
want to provide that information and
education I know a lot of you guys out
there are either beginning or you know
you're always hungry to learn more
things when it comes to editing and so I
just posted a video of my shortcuts that
I use basically they are just custom
keyboard shortcuts that help expedite
the editing process so you can click up
here if you want to view if that it'll
also meet down in the description below
and also keep your eyes and ears open
because I am going to do a live stream
very soon I'm going to try to figure out
how to do it on YouTube it'll be a kind
of like video editing for beginners
because I want to be of service to you
and help you in any way I can so make
sure following along on just the
youtubes and the Twitter's here so let
me know if you like this video hit that
subscribe button down below if you have
not yet I will see you guys in the next
video remember to stay stay peachy okay
bye
this is so crazy right now
because the entire all of these roads
all these avenues were completely open
to pedestrians
just like walking in the street 7:57 so
it's gonna do a mission